packages/v-protocol/README.md, before:

# v-protocol

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-orange.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/v-protocol?color=blue)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/v-protocol)
[![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/v-protocol)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/v-protocol)

Enables use of standard Vertica client-server protocol in the vertica-nodejs driver.
This is used by the [vertica-nodejs](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs) client driver and is *not* meant to be
used separately by developers writing their own applications with vertica-nodejs.

## Documentation

v-protocol is part of a much larger project, vertica-nodejs. While each individual package should have its own documentation for exposing and detailing related components of the vertica-nodejs API, the main location for those using the driver can be found here:

- [vertica-nodejs](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs/tree/master/packages/vertica-nodejs)

Other packages part of the vertica-nodejs project can be found here:

- [v-connection-string](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs/tree/master/packages/v-connection-string)
- [v-pool](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs/tree/master/packages/v-pool)

## License

Apache 2.0 License, please see [LICENSE](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Doc update for other packages (#99)
* first pass at v-pool update

* Added minor docs for connection string and protocol

* Fix formatting issues in v-connection-string

* Fixed formatting for v-pool

packages/v-protocol/README.md, after:

# v-protocol

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-orange.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/v-protocol?color=blue)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/v-protocol)
[![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/v-protocol)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/v-protocol)

Responsible for serialization and deserialization of low level wire protocol for use in the implementation of Vertica's unique client-server protocol. 
This is used by the [vertica-nodejs](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs) client driver and does not have an exposed API for development of other applications.

## Documentation

v-protocol is part of a much larger project, vertica-nodejs. While each individual package should have its own documentation for exposing and detailing related components of the vertica-nodejs API, the main location for those using the driver can be found here:

- [vertica-nodejs](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs/tree/master/packages/vertica-nodejs)

Other packages part of the vertica-nodejs project can be found here:

- [v-connection-string](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs/tree/master/packages/v-connection-string)
- [v-pool](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs/tree/master/packages/v-pool)

## License

Apache 2.0 License, please see [LICENSE](https://github.com/vertica/vertica-nodejs/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.
